However, there is one that was very important which will be the next one,
and that's the availability zone.
I'm going to drag this over here and expand it.
You can think of an availability zone as a data center,
as a physical building housing your computer and services.
This availability zone is within the region that you're working in obviously,
and it helps you design diagrams that are multi-availability zones.
You always want to have more than one,
ideally two or more always.
The reason why that is is because
AZs or availability zones are designed to be resilient by themselves,
meaning that if something bad happens in one of
them it doesn't necessarily affect the other one.
This is great and this is critical for you to understand.
When you're doing a diagram,
every time you're dropping components on the screen,
you want to be able to tell yourself where is
the single point of failure in my diagram before you actually go implement it.
You never want to have single points of failures in your diagram.
For example, if you put everything in a single availability zone,
you are risking yourself that if something happens to this datacenter,
whether it's a fire,
or an electrical failure,
or temperature goes over certain value and the computers overheat,
if something happens in this place,
your application will be down and you could lose data or resources.
So if you want to design an application that is highly available,
always think about having more than one availability zone.
A question that you will see in a certification exam would be can you design
this diagram for for high availability?
What they're asking you is, "Hey,
make sure that there's two of everything.
At least two or more."
Or can you optimize this design for a cost?
When they tell you about cost,
they tell you, okay,
get rid of high availability because this is probably just a test environment.
So do a single availability zone,
which would mean you would have
less high availability and you will have more risk of failure,
but you will optimize for costs so it will be cheaper to run.
Those are the questions that they ask you around exams for
Cloud certification as to think about cost or high availability.
So as I was saying, let's make sure we have two of these in our design.
I will drag this down here.
Probably need to expand the overall Cloud to include some more space for us.
Let's see. I'm going to put this down here.
Now, so far, even though we have
two availability zones within an account and we have some users over here,
we really have nothing
because an availability zone it doesn't represent anything, it's nothing that you build.
It's already there, you get to use it.
So far, we haven't really done anything from the point of
view of something that will be turned into a script.
So what we're going to do now is when it
actually starts to get into the networking portion.
We're going to start that by doing a VPC.